[Metricbeat][vSphere] Support for configurable IntervalId for performance API (#40678)
elastic/beats: CHANGELOG.next.asciidoc

- Disable event normalization for netflow input {pull}40635[40635]
- Allow attribute selection in the Active Directory entity analytics provider. {issue}40482[40482] {pull}40662[40662]
- Improve error quality when CEL program does not correctly return an events array. {pull}40580[40580]

> - Update support for period based intervalID in vSphere host and datastore metric sets {pull}40678[40678]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update support for period based intervalID in vSphere host and datastore metricsets {pull}40678[40678]
```
